Modified contributing docs for the Create Redwood App (#8778)
redwoodjs/redwood: packages/create-redwood-app/README.md

The project codebase in `template/` uses [Yarn Workspace v1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) for a monorepo project containing the API and Web Sides. Redwood packages are included in `template/package.json`, `template/web/package.json`, and `template/api/package.json`, respectively.

### How to run create-redwood-app from your local repo and create a project

> First, run `yarn install` in the root of the mono repo. Then, run `yarn install` again, inside the `packages/create-redwood-app` directory.

Reviewer: A bit of a nit: I've always seen it as one word but don't have a source as to which is right

```suggestion
First, run `yarn install` in the root of the monorepo. Then, run `yarn install` again, inside the `packages/create-redwood-app` directory.
```

> First, run `yarn install` in the root of the mono repo. Then, run `yarn install` again, inside the `packages/create-redwood-app` directory.

Reviewer: What makes the second yarn install necessary?

Author: Good catch -- you don't need a second `yarn install`, but you do need `yarn build` inside the monorepo and `yarn build` inside the package.

> Then, we need to build the script. Step into the `create-redwood-app` package and run the script:

Reviewer: I think when we tried these instructions out, it ended up not being enough because `@redwoodjs/tui` wasn't built right?

Author: That's right -- I think it needs `yarn build` in both places.

```bash
cd packages/create-redwood-app
yarn build
```

_Note:_ You could use `yarn build:watch` instead of `yarn build` to watch for changes and rebuild automatically.

This will generate `create-redwood-app.js` file inside the `dist` directory.

To use the script, run `node` on that file (dist/create-redwood-app.js) and pass in the path to the new project:
```bash
node dist/create-redwood-app.js /path/to/new/redwood-app
```

> > Note: the new project will install with the most recent stable Redwood package version by default

Reviewer: It won't be the most recent stable version but the most recent major (i.e. `5.0.0` as opposed to `5.3.2`); just a consequence of our branch strategy. We release all minors/patches off a "next" branch, majors off main
